Update handpose estimation model from MediaPipe (2023feb) (#133)
opencv/opencv_zoo: models/handpose_estimation_mediapipe/README.md

 
![MediaPipe Hands Keypoints](./examples/hand_keypoints.png)

This model is converted from TFlite to ONNX using following tools:
- TFLite model to ONNX: https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx
- simplified by [onnx-simplifier](https://github.com/daquexian/onnx-simplifier)

**Note**:

> - The accuracy loss of `int8 quantized model` is obviously high, where the results of `handedness` and `3D landmarks` are invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The int8-quantized model may produce invalid results due to a significant drop of accuracy.
```

> - If you want to use a better fp32 model, you can go to [MediaPipe](https://google.github.io/mediapipe/solutions/models.html#hands) and download the `full` model and then convert it to onnx model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Visit https://google.github.io/mediapipe/solutions/models.html#hands for models of larger scale.
```

## Reference

- MediaPipe Handpose: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/handpose

> - MediaPipe hands model and model card: https://google.github.io/mediapipe/solutions/models.html#hands

Reviewer: What is model card?

Author: Model card is a document of MediaPipe model. There are some details about this model.
